What a joke
Taya Arran
Son, Qianchen
Qianzi day break
You bastards
If my brother has three long and two short
I won't let you go
You you bitch
famous general
You use the Bai family to confirm me
Is the stupidest thing
You shut up
The name of the famous general will be called by you at will.
Famous General
We are not in cahoots with him
We are also victims
You're right.
Don't see what you are
How dare you bully famous generals
I think the stupidest one is you.
Harm others but not yourself
What are you still doing?
This is all your fault
It's up to you.
Fairy, kneel down for me
Apologize to your parents and beg for mercy
A hundred thousand times
Did you hear that?
It is because of your ignorance
Gotta mix with this fake
This hurt everyone in the Bai family
As long as you were obedient
Cooperate with us to get rid of Zhongxiao
We'll let go of the past
But now the white armor has no chance, Xu Ding
You talk too much.